Webserver service for documentation.
Service written in C#?

Each customer runs its own instance of this service.

Documents are written in Markdown.
Configuration for documents are defined in yaml.

Documents are able to use templates, and the document is generated each time its loaded.
Documents are able to use #tags to replace with names of components (and settings in the future).
Different parts in the document for each system is separated with #system-tags

There need to be support for URLs to be able to link to a specific document.

I have made a simple PoC to test the functionality of Markdown, templates and tags. https://thomasggit.github.io/
And the sourcecode can be found here https://github.com/ThomasGgit/ThomasGgit.github.io
It´s just a static page with javascript.

Use our github for the development.


Stage 1:
	Webserver service
	User managment (edit in browser comes later)
	No access without login first
	Read files and folders from disk (editing in browser comes later)
	Support for language file for system texts
	The design of the PoC needs to be improved
	Client side framework (jquery? react? something else?)
	Support for Stylesheets to brand the design for each customer
	Markdown text engine (think it should generate html on the server side)
		Program flow example when documents are loaded:
			Read files (.md, .yaml)
			Insert templates
			Look for system-tags
			Replace #tags in each system
			Generate table
			Convert to HTML
			Send to browser
			Browser generates shortcuts/bookmarks for menu?


Stage 2:
	Editing documents in browser (with preview?)
	Editing menu in browser
	Support for exapandable texts in docuements to see more advanced description
	Support for component settings in body text, probably with the use of #tags
	User managment (in browser)
	Document header and footer
	Add other filetypes (pdf, or maybe word files that converts to pdf so that the original can be downloaded)
	Export documents as pdf
	Export SVG for WebPort backgound
	
Stage 3:
	GUI for YAML config
	Insert yaml settings from templates
	API (client or server, havent decided yet)
	Able to update component settings values from API
	
Future:
	Version/history of the documents (add som kind of git functionality?)
	Changelog
	System log (logins, restarts)
	Licensing?
	Be able to visualize which functions in the text that is enabled in PLC (some kind of code-in-text?)
	Connection to AD and able to use Single sign on
	Some kind of mark which texts are templates and which are not?
	SVG texts also uses #tags
	Click on symbol i SVG and highligt in text
	Implement direct in WebPort docs?
	Cloud service?
	HTTPS
	
	